Create an app for iPhone that is called Healthy Plant where it has a Home Screen with an animated picture of a cactus and on the vase of the cactus it says healthy plant. At the bottom there are five circles that always are there (no matter the section). the first one says home, it shows the Home Screen i was just talking about. in the second circle it says profiles and when you click on it,it changes to a screen where there are profiles that you can click on to show the full profile, it says profiles at the top of the screen. you make a profile by clicking a + in the top left you can make a profile each profile has a picture of the plant which the person puts in , the type of plant which the person puts in, how old the plant is which the person puts in, how much sun it needs the ai puts that in and changes it whenever necessary, how much water it needs which the ai puts in and changes whenever necessary, when you can harvest the fruit (if it it can make food) which the ai puts in and changes whenever necessary, and that is in each profile the person can check or change them. The third circle says garden and when you click on it, it changes to a screen where there are the plants you put in your profile and has an animated picture for each plant it has all the plants in a row and says the name of the plant above them and also says how tall the plant is in feet or inches (for example 1ft and 3 in). It says garden at the top of the screen. In the fourth circle it says calendar and when you click on it, it changes to a screen that says calendar at the top and it shows a calendar where if the plant needs water it says in the section that is the day, needs water or if it needs sun it says, needs sun or if the plant has a disease it says needs treatment until you get rid of the disease. On the last circle it says assistant gardener when you click on it, it changes to a screen where it says assistant gardener, there is a section that has an ai chat bot that helps you and can look at the profiles if that helps. In the home page make a circle in the top left that says settings and if you click on it, it changes to a screen the says settings at the top and has basic setting like it tells you what version (right now 1.0) it also says notifications and if you click yes it will send you notification based on the calendar. Make the whole app black and some parts outlined in a green.